[Autogenerated] So why did goals for this course?
Well,
it's not just learning spring cloud contract as
there's some core theoretical concepts.
To learn to this means will split things up into free areas.
First,
we're going to learn about the additional testing complexity that
Michael Services architectures can introduce.
This will help his realize why the traditional testing
approaches might not work on also understand the motivation for
spring cloud contract in the first place.
We're also going to be learning about the consumer
driven contracts testing technique.
This is because spring cloud contract is a consumer
driven contract testing framework,
so we really need to understand it before diving into any practical work.
Finally, on,
This is the main goal of the course will become
proficient in using spring cloud contracts.
Will do this tree both coding exercises and theoretical work
with the aim to take away what we've learned.
A new spring cloud contract to test our micro services applications.
So before we get started, we'll just go over the prerequisites for the course.
First of all,
some knowledge of Javaris and most spring cloud
contract is part of the Java ecosystem,
and it's a job and mocha services application that will be working on
throughout the course on Understanding of Maven would be useful to,
as will be using it for dependency management.
However, if you use grade all that,
most of what we learn can be transposed to that built all also on
understanding of micro services would also be useful.
It's the pitfalls of working with them that should lead to
adopting spring cloud contract in the first place.
Don't worry about this team much so as we'll be covering
the basics for out this first module.
Some familiarity re spring could also help,
but isn't a necessity will be using spring boot to help
his build and test or application,
but everything will be explained along the way.
Finally, we'll need a Java idea using whichever we prefer is fine.
But just to know Intelli J will be used for all of the life. Temer's